[BoxState i=1]Thena (smileBig): Here we are! No line on a weekday, too.
Ember (neutralSurprised): Prim, I still can't believe you haven't heard of Matcha Mocha.
Prim (neutral): I moved here recently. Can't blame me for not knowing.
Ember (furrowed): Two years does not count as recent. This place is front and center on the north end of campus, and they're always doing community events and making the local news.
Ember (neutral): There's no one I know of who doesn't know about it. Hell, when I give directions, I just mention however much time in what direction from Matcha Mocha and people just know.
Prim (neutralSurprise): Oh. That's why no one was giving me straight directions.
Thena (smile): So this is pretty much the most popular café around campus.
Thena (neutral): They do bubble tea, coffee, baked stuff...
Thena (smile): But they're mostly known for their matcha mochi.
Prim (neutral): What's matcha and what's mochi.
Thena (neutral): Oh, matcha's basically green tea flavored stuff.
Thena: And mochi is like...I'm not really sure how to describe it.
Ember (smile): It's this special kind of rice dough, usually filled with red bean paste or some other sweet stuff.
Ember: The matcha mochi's filled with green tea ice cream. It's a bit expensive, but you gotta try it at least once.
Prim (thinking): Hm...what else do they have?
Thena (smile): They do bubble tea, coffee, soft serve, pastries, snacks, standard café stuff.
Thena (neutralSurprise): If you go for bubble tea, you should ask to not have boba since theirs' tastes like plastic.
Thena (thinking): The coffee isn't anything special, the snacks are decent, the soft serve is pretty good but there's a better place for that about half an hour away.
Thena (confused): Their mooncakes are amazing, but only on Tuesdays and Thursdays for some reason???
Ember (furrowed): I'm like 90% certain it's because of someone who only works on those days.
Ember (thinking): I once spent four hours here trying to figure out who while bullshitting a paper, but I can only boil it down to a timeframe.
Thena (smile): If it's your first time here, I would absolutely go for either the matcha mochi or the soft serve swirl. No question about it.
Ember (neutral): I don't know about that, the lychee milk tea is looking like the right choice today.
Thena (neutral): Yeah, but if you've never been here, matcha's gotta be the first thing you get. It's the name of the place.
Ember (furrowed): Wh-...how does that make any sense
Thena (neutralSurprise): I mean, when I go somewhere new, I usually go for what the place is known for.
Ember (silly): Thena.[Delay f=1] We've wasted hundreds of dollars here already.[Delay f=1] We know what's good and what isn't.
Ember: Wouldn't you trust a grizzled tea gremlin's opinion over whatever's front and center on the menu?
Thena (silly): Don't listen to her, Prim. She goes here so much that she knows when to get what based on who's working that day.
Thena: Can you really trust that kind of warped, convoluted standard?
Ember (smileAngry): As if you're any different!
Thena: That just means you can't trust either of us! Just get the stale black sesame biscuit that's been sitting in the corner display for a week!

Prim (smileSly): It's aight, I think I know what I'm going for.
Thena (neutralSurprise): Oh?
*Prim walks up to the counter*
Oscar: Welcome to Matcha Mocha, what can I get you?
Prim (smile): I'll have a small, plain coffee.
Oscar: Sure, that'll be $2.50.
Prim: Cool, thanks.
*Prim translates off screen with coffee in hand while Thena and Emberly stare, slightly dumbfounded. They look at each other like 'well that just happened'*

*new background at a table, Prim is chillin' with her coffee. Thena and Emberly arrive with swirl and tea in hand (anim for Emberly stabbing a straw into her drink?)*
Thena (neutralSurprise): Damn, Prim. You knew exactly what you were gunna get before we even walked in.
Prim (neutralAway): Just what I felt like today.
Thena (smile): That's fair.
Thena (neutral): Hey Emma, did you want to talk about that one thing?
Ember (neutral): Not sure what you're referring to.
Thena (neutral): Doctor Pituois.
Ember (stressed2): Ohhhhhhh shit, that, um...not now.
Thena (smile): Well, why not? Seems like it'd be a lot easier to do with some help.
Thena (smileBig): Prim might be just the person for the job!
Ember (stressed): I haven't yet decided if I want to do anything about it.
Thena (neutral): I don't want to push it, but I don't think it'd hurt to ask for advice.
Thena (smile): You're not gunna snitch on us, right Prim?
Prim (neutralSurprise): Um...there's nothing to snitch about yet-
Thena (smile2): See? It'll be fine, Prim swore her life on it.
Ember (stressed): Ugh, well…
Prim (smile): Shoot. I don't mind.
Ember (smile): We're just plotting to uproot the corruption that's wormed its way into the foundational structures of our society.
Ember (furrowed): Except it's one department at a second rate university, and the mostly-not-so-underprivileged masses wouldn't give enough of a damn for it to be worth it.
Thena (neutralSurprise): Hey, I wouldn't say that right off the bat. I felt pretty ticked off when you told me about it.
Ember (sad): Yeah, well...you don't usually ask for help from someone you met only yesterday.
Prim (neutral2): I mean, I'll hear you out. Not sure what I could do, though.
Ember (neutralAway): Me neither.
Ember (neutral): Basically, I'm really close with the psychology department because of a really good professor who helped me at a low point my first year.
Ember (neutral): I currently write research reports as part of an internship there, which I started over the summer.
Ember (neutral): About a week before the semester started, I forgot to charge my laptop when I came into work.
Ember (neutral): My professor was also my supervisor at the internship, and she let me work on her personal computer since her day was cluttered with meetings.
Ember (neutralAway): I finished writing for the day, and...I was kind of bored. Started looking through semester photos from years past, nothing that wasn't on the website.
Ember: There was a folder in the 'recently opened' section with a weird name. Dug into what I shouldn't have.
Ember (stressed): Without going into excessive detail...I found notes on quite a few people.
Ember: Students, Co-workers, Friends...most likely written by my professor, given the people listed.
Ember: The vast majority of it looked like...a personal archive of buttons you'd use to get into people's heads.
Ember (stressed2): Shit like 'toxic breakup', 'pet died recently', 'trouble trusting friends'...'homesick and can't go home'.
Ember (sad): Guess who the last one was for.
Ember: My name was with a few labelled 'Useful'.
Prim (stressed): …
Ember (sad): I mean, I'd heard rumors of Dr. Pituois being cruel to certain students, but…
Ember: She was always so personable and kind to me. She still is.
Ember (angry): I would have never figured out this fucking sociopathic bullshit on my own, and I'm still having trouble believing it.
Prim (neutral2): I mean...considering your degree-
Ember (miffed): Don't associate psychology with manipulation. It's not some movie horseshit.
Ember (neutralAway): Besides, my professor mostly does research, which is more analysing patterns than individuals.
Ember (neutral): It's more comparable to scientific study than counseling and therapy.
Prim (neutralAway): Oh. Sorry.
Ember (smileSad): All of the people I know in the department are incredible and selfless...save Pituois, I guess.
Ember (neutralAway): In any case, I heard her coming back to her office while I was still digging through the notes. Didn't think to make copies or take pictures.
Ember (stressed): I don't think she knows I know, and of course I want to do something about it, but…
Ember (angry): No one would believe me. She's been with the university since it kicked off, so they're not gunna want to remove her any time soon. My name would be sorted into her shitlist.
Ember (stressed): ...
Thena (neutralSurprise): Sorry if I already asked this before, but weren't those notes hard evidence?
Ember (neutral): I did have another chance to access her computer while she was out for a bit a few days ago...
Ember (sad): I can't seem to find that folder again. It wasn't in the 'recently opened' list anymore, and I was too caught up in the moment to check where it was located.
Ember: Doesn't show up in a search, either.
Ember (stressed): Even if I did have the notes, it's not like she had a bright neon sign with her name stuck on it.
Ember: It was just a text document. The department would probably turn the case around and say I wrote it.
Thena (neutral): You're close to a lot of 'em, though. Would they really not believe you?
Ember (neutral): No doubt they'd side with Dr. Pituois over me. I've only been working there for a summer.
Ember (smileSad): In any case...I'm not sure if it's really worth pursuing.
Thena (miffed): I think it is. The whole thing is honestly pretty messed up.
Thena (smileBig): Enter from stage right...Prim!
Prim (neutralSurprise): ...uh.
Thena (smile): You said you were some kind of hacker, right?
Prim (neutral): Freelance software engineer.
Prim (smile): Guess you could say 'hacker', though. I mess with black hat stuff sometimes.
Ember (neutralSurprised): What can you do in regards to that?
Ember (neutral): I didn't want to ask for help when I don't fully understand what that entails.
Prim (smileSly): Well...I can set up a false network nested in this cafe's wifi and sniff traffic from every device connected to it through a man in the middle attack.
Prim (smile): I've written ransomware before, I can brute force personal accounts, I can make your phone overheat and melt itself over the internet…
Ember (furrowed): That last one sounds made up.
Prim (smileSly): Yeah, you're right.[Delay t=0.5] It'd be easier to just brick it with malware.
Prim (neutral): Point is, I can at least tell you what is and isn't possible.
Prim: Can't promise any more than that.
Ember (thinking): Would it be difficult to, say...I'm really not sure what the right terminology is for this...
Ember: Locate that file, along with undeniably identifying traits...
Ember: ...and then rapidly disseminate it to as many students and faculty as possible?
Prim (neutralStare2): Gunna need more context than that.
Ember (stressed): Look, I haven't really made up any sort of plan yet. I don't even know if I should do anything about it.
Ember (sad): It's just way too much risk, even if I can't stand the idea of this shit happening under everyone's nose.
Thena (thinking): Hmm...do you remember any other names from the list?
Thena (neutral): You could try to talk to some of them, get more info.
Ember (neutralSurprise): I mean, I guess? I didn't recognize a lot of people on the list, and there were only first names.
Thena (neutralSurprise): Wait, aren't some of your classmates on there?
Ember (neutral): Yes.[Delay f=0.5] I mostly keep to myself in classes.
Ember (neutral): It was a fairly extensive list, and I only remember a few names off the top of my head.
Ember (sad): That may be my only starting point at present, though...
Thena (smile): I can help ask around if you're worried about getting caught snooping around.
Ember (stressed): I appreciate the offer, but...I don't know. This is just a lot to process.
Prim (neutral): Well, if you're looking to locate that file, I doubt I could do much more than what you've done already.
Prim: I would probably be caught by the spam filter pretty quickly if we tried mass emailing it...unless you have access to a credible account on their email server?
Ember (neutral): Only certain faculty can pass through the spam filter to send an email blast. It wouldn't be hard to trace it back to me, even if I stole an authorized account.
Prim (neutralAway): Then you're probably right. Too much risk.
Ember (neutralSurprise): Oh...that's a shame.
Ember (neutral): I need more time to think through my options.
Ember (smileSad): Thanks for hearing me out, though.
Prim (smile): Sure.
Prim (neutral): I need to leave now, unfortunately. Got a lot of coursework to take care of at home.
Thena (neutral): Aw, that sucks.
Thena (smile): We'll be around if you want to hang!
Prim (smile): I'll keep that in mind.
Ember (smile): Take care, then.[Delay f=0.5] Sorry for ending the day on such a sour note.
Prim: It's all good. See you two later.
Thena (smile2): Bye, Prim!

*prim exits matcha mocha and starts walking down the street with a not so genuine smile on her face. night is beginning to fall, lots of people moving to n fro. her smile starts visibly fading over time and colors begin to mute a bit.*
Prim: Why...did I lie about that just now?
Prim: Coursework on the third day of classes. Yeah, right.
Prim: I knew how to fix what she was talking about, too.
Prim: Just dump the whole file system and run a search. Not really that hard to break into a faculty account, either.
Prim: Just...didn't feel like doing any of that.
Prim: Just want to sleep right now. Coffee isn't helping.
Prim: …
*background begins to mute and fade out. prim bugs out a little bit, then completely bugs out. bam logo*
